[CI:DOCS] Update troubleshooting.md (#12912)
containers/podman: troubleshooting.md

* Before invoking Podman command create a valid login session for your rootless user using `loginctl enable-linger <username>`
* If `loginctl` is unavailable you can also try logging in via `ssh` i.e `ssh <username>@localhost`.

> ### 31) After deletion of a client VM on MacOS via podman machine stop && podman machine rm, attempting to init a new client VM leads to an error with the 127.0.0.1:7777 port already bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 31) 127.0.0.1:7777 port already bound

After deleting a VM on macOS, the initialization of subsequent VM's fails.

#### Symptom 

After deleting a client VM on macOS via `podman machine stop` && `podman machine rm`, attempting to init a new client VM leads to an error with the 127.0.0.1:7777 port already bound.
```

### Solution

> You will need to remove the hanging gv-proxy process bound to the port in question. For example, if the port mentioned in the error message is 127.0.0.1:7777, you can use the command $ kill -9 $(lsof -i:7777) in order to identify and remove the hanging process which prevents you from starting a new VM on that default port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will need to remove the hanging gv-proxy process bound to the port in question. For example, if the port mentioned in the error message is 127.0.0.1:7777, you can use the command `kill -9 $(lsof -i:7777)` in order to identify and remove the hanging process which prevents you from starting a new VM on that default port.
```
I think it looks better if you add some Markdown layout and remove the `$`.

Author: I do too! Let me update the pull request following your suggestion.

* Before invoking Podman command create a valid login session for your rootless user using `loginctl enable-linger <username>`
* If `loginctl` is unavailable you can also try logging in via `ssh` i.e `ssh <username>@localhost`.

### 31) 127.0.0.1:7777 port already bound

> After deleting a VM on macOS, the initialization of subsequent VM's fails.

Reviewer: oops, yep, sorry @bazhang87 !

#### Symptom 

> After deleting a client VM on macOS via `podman machine stop` && `podman machine rm`, attempting to init a new client VM leads to an error with the 127.0.0.1:7777 port already bound.

Reviewer 3: Please change "init" to `podman machine init` for clarity
